README.md, before:

# October 9
Water Displacement Method: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/D

Forward Backward Induction: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/B

Ordinals: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/H

9 problems.

I also solved the third subtask in Mod Powers! Does that count?

# October 7
Peacekeeper: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/E

L + ratio + you fell off + outskilled + 360 no-scoped

Pizza Time: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/F

*\*Italian intensifies\**

Balarila 1: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/G

That's one step towards Make Gawa This Program! A very small one, but a step nonetheless.

6 problems!

# October 6
Basketbology (Decision): https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/360239/problem/B1

Two years. It took me *two years* to figure it out.

Are You Human?: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/354429/problem/A

I guess not.

Not a Weeb: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/C

I hope my *senpai* is proud of me uwu

I am so sorry that you had to read that, but I solved 3 problems.

# October 4
One Card Poker: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc054/tasks/abc054_a

September 9: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc073/tasks/abc073_a

14 problems! 🎉🎉🎉

# October 3
Kagami Mochi: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc085/tasks/abc085_b

Various Distances: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_b

Your First Judge: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc215/tasks/abc215_a

12 problems!

# October 2
Equal Candies: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/B

Most Similar Words: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/C

Four nested for loops. That's a new one. (The fourth is in the function.)

Security: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc131/tasks/abc131_a

Box: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_a

Already 2018: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc085/tasks/abc085_a

9 problems.

# October 1
Sum of Sum of Odds: https://noi.ph/tama-2023-practice-problems/ (Problem A)

I somehow forgot that the integer division (//) operator was a thing 🙃

That's a whole 4 problems. Wow!

# September 29 (Week 10 start)
How Much Does Daytona Cost?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1878/problem/A

Cypher: https://codeforces.com/contest/1703/problem/C

Greedy Takahashi: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc149/tasks/abc149_b

Starting the week off with 3 problems solved!

# September 26
Compare T-Shirt Sizes: https://codeforces.com/contest/1741/problem/A

Lucky?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/A

# September 25
Short Sort: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/A

Good Kid: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/B

Target Practice: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/C

# September 24
Codeforces Checking: https://codeforces.com/contest/1800/problem/A

Following Directions: https://codeforces.com/contest/1800/problem/B

Sherlock and Squares: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-squares/problem

# September 23
tcdr: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc315/tasks/abc315_a

Spell Check: https://codeforces.com/contest/1722/problem/A

Colorblindness: https://codeforces.com/contest/1722/problem/B

# September 22 (Week 9 start)
Leyland Number: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc320/tasks/abc320_a

Longest Palindrome: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc320/tasks/abc320_b

Closest Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/closest-number/problem

# September 19
Marathon: https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/A

Where's the Bishop?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/C

# September 18
Matrix Multiplication 2: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-4-matrix-multiplication/problem

Combo Meal: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/combo-meal/problem

Pythagorean Triple: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pythagorean-triple/problem

# September 17
Minimum Height Triangle: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lowest-triangle/problem

Sum: https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/A

Increasing: https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/B

# September 16
Points on a Line: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/points-on-a-line/problem

Matrix Addition: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-1/problem

Matrix Subtraction: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-1-matrix-subtraction/problem

Matrix Multiplication: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-3-matrix-multiplication/problem

# September 15 (Week 8 start)
Handshake: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/handshake/problem

Filling Jars: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/filling-jars/problem

# September 13
Constructing a Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/constructing-a-number/problem

Maximum Draws: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-draws/problem

Find the Point: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-point/problem

Best Divisor: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/best-divisor/problem

# September 12
Creating Strings: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/1622/

cAPS lOCK: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/A

# September 11
Relational Operator: https://onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&page=show_problem&problem=2113

Five Variables: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc170/tasks/abc170_a

# September 10
Bit Strings: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/1617

Twiblr: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc182/tasks/abc182_a

# September 9 (Week 7 started on September 8)
Sherlock and Divisors: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-divisors/problem

Connecting Towns: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/connecting-towns/problem

Legendary Players: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc319/tasks/abc319_a

Measure: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc319/tasks/abc319_b

# September 7
Summing the N Series: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/summing-the-n-series/problem

Number Groups: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/number-groups/problem

# September 6
Pangrams: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pangrams/problem

Missing Numbers: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/missing-numbers/problem

# September 5
Mark and Toys: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys/problem

Bill Division: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bon-appetit/problem

Gemstones: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gem-stones/problem

# September 4
Preparing Olympiad: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/550/B

To Three: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc182/tasks/abc182_c

# September 3
Full Moon: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc318/tasks/abc318_a

Minimum Absolute Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array/problem

# September 1 (Week 6 start)
3.14: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_a

Roulette: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_b

Rotate Colored Subsequence: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_c

I'm grateful that I didn't get TLE on that third one.

# August 31 (extra for Week 6)
Vacation Together: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc311/tasks/abc311_b

Another problem out of the unfinished-problems folder!

Mars Exploration: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mars-exploration/problem

# August 30
Marc's Cakewalk: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/marcs-cakewalk/problem

Smart Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/smart-number/problem

# August 29
Sales by Match (Sock Merchant): https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem

Library Fine: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/library-fine/problem

# August 28
Light day today.

Funny String: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/funny-string/problem

Strong Password: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strong-password/problem

# August 27
CamelCase: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/camelcase/problem

Cavity: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cavity-map/problem

# August 26
Gift Carpet: https://codeforces.com/contest/1862/problem/A

The Hurdle Race: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-hurdle-race/problem

I liked the Pokemon references in the two problems below :D (The contest was sponsored by GAMEFREAK, but still)

Potions: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc317/tasks/abc317_a

MissingNo.: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc317/tasks/abc317_b

# August 25 (Week 5 started on August 24)
Chocolate Feast: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-feast/problem

Utopian Tree: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/utopian-tree/problem

I also tried solving Maximum Rounding (https://codeforces.com/contest/1857/problem/B) and Gift Carpet (https://codeforces.com/contest/1862/problem/A). However, Codeforces had some issues, so I'm not sure if they were correct.

# August 23
Day of the Programmer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/day-of-the-programmer/problem

# August 22
Migratory Birds: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/migratory-birds/problem

Time Conversion: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/time-conversion/problem

Cats and a Mouse: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cats-and-a-mouse/problem

# August 21
Viral Advertising: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strange-advertising/problem

Halloween Sale: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/halloween-sale/problem

Beautiful Days: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-days-at-the-movies/problem

# August 20
Find Digits: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-digits/problem

Lotto: https://onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&page=show_problem&problem=382

The most difficult thing about this problem was learning how to accept indefinite input.

Angry Professor: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-professor/problem

# August 19
Birthday Cake Candles: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/birthday-cake-candles/problem

The Time in Words: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-time-in-words/problem

Totally Not Robots: https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/noi-ph-practice-page/challenges/totally-not-robots

# August 18 (Week 4 start)
Designer PDF Viewer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/designer-pdf-viewer/problem

HackerRank in a String: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hackerrank-in-a-string/problem

Two Strings: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings/problem

# August 10 (advanced)
A Very Big Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-very-big-sum/problem

Diagonal Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference/problem

Plus Minus: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/plus-minus/problem

# August 9 (advanced for Week 3)
Star: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc192/tasks/abc192_a

uNrEaDaBlE sTrInG: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc192/tasks/abc192_b

Mini-Max Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mini-max-sum/problem

# August 8
Array Coloring: https://codeforces.com/contest/1857/problem/A

I'm glad I found some insight for this problem early!

Grading Students: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grading/problem

Breaking the Records: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/breaking-best-and-worst-records/problem

# August 7
On another note, I found this topic on HackerRank!

Simple Array Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-array-sum/problem

Extra Long Factorials: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/extra-long-factorials/problem

Complete the Triplets: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets/problem

# August 6
To Be Saikyo: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc313/tasks/abc313_a

Exceptions: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/exceptions/problem

Symmetric Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/symmetric-difference/problem

# August 5
Polynomials: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-polynomials/problem

String Validators: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-validators/problem

# August 4 (Week 2 start)
Chat Room: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/58/A

Inner and Outer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-inner-and-outer/problem

ι⊥l (Three Poles): https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc058/tasks/abc058_a

∵∴∵ (Password): https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc058/tasks/abc058_b

# August 3
Four Digits: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc222/tasks/abc222_a

Failing Grade: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc222/tasks/abc222_b

Dot and Cross: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-dot-and-cross/problem

# August 2
Mean, Var, and Std: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-mean-var-and-std/problem

Haiku: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc051/tasks/abc051_a

Josephus Problem: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/2162

# July 31
Gacha: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc164/tasks/abc164_c

Sheep and Wolves: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc164/tasks/abc164_a

Sum and Prod: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-sum-and-prod/problem

# July 30
Cream Puff: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_c

I'm proud to say that I was able to move this out of the unfinished-problems folder!

Double Helix: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc122/tasks/abc122_a

Set .union() Operation: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/py-set-union/problem

Okay, I was in a rush to meet 3 problems.

# July 28 (Week 1 start)
Escalator Conversations: https://codeforces.com/contest/1851/problem/A

I am intimidated by problems with that much input given for the sample case.

Rudolph and Tic-Tac-Toe: https://codeforces.com/contest/1846/problem/B

I've noticed a relatively common theme with Codeforces problems: [X] and [Y] where [X] is someone's name and [Y] is an activity. Huh.

# July 27
Crane and Turtle: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc170/tasks/abc170_b

I overestimated the difficulty of this problem. I thought, "No, it can't be that simple." And then it turned out to be that simple.

Minesweeper: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc075/tasks/abc075_b

When will I ever learn my lesson about overestimating a problem's difficulty?

Valid Sudoku: https://codeforces.com/gym/102697/problem/040

# July 26
Mr. Perfectly Fine: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/C

I put the min functions in the second loop by accident and got Time Limit Exceeded. I moved them out of it and got accepted :D

Hotelier: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1200/A

I was stuck on this for a long time, too. The issue was with how I handled cases where all of the rooms would be full. Glad I finally managed to fix the issue!

# July 24
A+B?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/A

I thought I solved this on July 23 😅

Maxi-Buying: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc206/tasks/abc206_a

I solved Problem B from this contest as an ASPC problem.

Decorum Sensing (link may not open for non-NOI.PH participants): https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/360239/problem/D

I was stuck on this problem for a long time, but I found out that the solution was simpler than I expected.

# July 23
Word on the Paper: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/C

Matrix Rotation: https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/B

# July 22
To My Critics: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/A

Ten Words of Wisdom: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/B

# July 21 (Week 0 start)
Soldier and Bananas: https://codeforces.com/contest/546/problem/A

Polycarp and the Day of Pi: https://codeforces.com/contest/1790/problem/A

# July 18
Staircase: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/staircase/problem

Eye and Identity: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-eye-and-identity/problem

# July 17
Love Story: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/A

Blank Space: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/B

Commit message:

Add problems solved for October 10 (and fix some typos in my solution for Valid Sudoku)

README.md, after:

# October 10
Sudokudasai: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398776/problem/L

Art of the Deal: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/I

Rooks Ahoy!: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398776/problem/K

Good Noodles: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398776/problem/J

Filter by First: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398776/problem/I

"our ancestors frown upon us"

14 problems! 🎉🎉🎉

# October 9
Water Displacement Method: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/D

Forward Backward Induction: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/B

Ordinals: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/H

9 problems.

I also solved the third subtask in Mod Powers! Does that count?

# October 7
Peacekeeper: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/E

L + ratio + you fell off + outskilled + 360 no-scoped

Pizza Time: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/F

*\*Italian intensifies\**

Balarila 1: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/G

That's one step towards Make Gawa This Program! A very small one, but a step nonetheless.

6 problems!

# October 6
Basketbology (Decision): https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/360239/problem/B1

Two years. It took me *two years* to figure it out.

Are You Human?: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/354429/problem/A

I guess not.

Not a Weeb: https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/398759/problem/C

I hope my *senpai* is proud of me uwu

I am so sorry that you had to read that, but I solved 3 problems.

# October 4
One Card Poker: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc054/tasks/abc054_a

September 9: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc073/tasks/abc073_a

14 problems! 🎉🎉🎉

# October 3
Kagami Mochi: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc085/tasks/abc085_b

Various Distances: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_b

Your First Judge: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc215/tasks/abc215_a

12 problems!

# October 2
Equal Candies: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/B

Most Similar Words: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/C

Four nested for loops. That's a new one. (The fourth is in the function.)

Security: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc131/tasks/abc131_a

Box: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_a

Already 2018: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc085/tasks/abc085_a

9 problems.

# October 1
Sum of Sum of Odds: https://noi.ph/tama-2023-practice-problems/ (Problem A)

I somehow forgot that the integer division (//) operator was a thing 🙃

That's a whole 4 problems. Wow!

# September 29 (Week 10 start)
How Much Does Daytona Cost?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1878/problem/A

Cypher: https://codeforces.com/contest/1703/problem/C

Greedy Takahashi: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc149/tasks/abc149_b

Starting the week off with 3 problems solved!

# September 26
Compare T-Shirt Sizes: https://codeforces.com/contest/1741/problem/A

Lucky?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1676/problem/A

# September 25
Short Sort: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/A

Good Kid: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/B

Target Practice: https://codeforces.com/contest/1873/problem/C

# September 24
Codeforces Checking: https://codeforces.com/contest/1800/problem/A

Following Directions: https://codeforces.com/contest/1800/problem/B

Sherlock and Squares: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-squares/problem

# September 23
tcdr: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc315/tasks/abc315_a

Spell Check: https://codeforces.com/contest/1722/problem/A

Colorblindness: https://codeforces.com/contest/1722/problem/B

# September 22 (Week 9 start)
Leyland Number: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc320/tasks/abc320_a

Longest Palindrome: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc320/tasks/abc320_b

Closest Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/closest-number/problem

# September 19
Marathon: https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/A

Where's the Bishop?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/C

# September 18
Matrix Multiplication 2: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-4-matrix-multiplication/problem

Combo Meal: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/combo-meal/problem

Pythagorean Triple: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pythagorean-triple/problem

# September 17
Minimum Height Triangle: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lowest-triangle/problem

Sum: https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/A

Increasing: https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/B

# September 16
Points on a Line: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/points-on-a-line/problem

Matrix Addition: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-1/problem

Matrix Subtraction: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-1-matrix-subtraction/problem

Matrix Multiplication: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/linear-algebra-foundations-3-matrix-multiplication/problem

# September 15 (Week 8 start)
Handshake: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/handshake/problem

Filling Jars: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/filling-jars/problem

# September 13
Constructing a Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/constructing-a-number/problem

Maximum Draws: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-draws/problem

Find the Point: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-point/problem

Best Divisor: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/best-divisor/problem

# September 12
Creating Strings: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/1622/

cAPS lOCK: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/A

# September 11
Relational Operator: https://onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&page=show_problem&problem=2113

Five Variables: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc170/tasks/abc170_a

# September 10
Bit Strings: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/1617

Twiblr: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc182/tasks/abc182_a

# September 9 (Week 7 started on September 8)
Sherlock and Divisors: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-divisors/problem

Connecting Towns: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/connecting-towns/problem

Legendary Players: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc319/tasks/abc319_a

Measure: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc319/tasks/abc319_b

# September 7
Summing the N Series: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/summing-the-n-series/problem

Number Groups: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/number-groups/problem

# September 6
Pangrams: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pangrams/problem

Missing Numbers: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/missing-numbers/problem

# September 5
Mark and Toys: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys/problem

Bill Division: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bon-appetit/problem

Gemstones: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gem-stones/problem

# September 4
Preparing Olympiad: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/550/B

To Three: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc182/tasks/abc182_c

# September 3
Full Moon: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc318/tasks/abc318_a

Minimum Absolute Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array/problem

# September 1 (Week 6 start)
3.14: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_a

Roulette: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_b

Rotate Colored Subsequence: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc314/tasks/abc314_c

I'm grateful that I didn't get TLE on that third one.

# August 31 (extra for Week 6)
Vacation Together: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc311/tasks/abc311_b

Another problem out of the unfinished-problems folder!

Mars Exploration: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mars-exploration/problem

# August 30
Marc's Cakewalk: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/marcs-cakewalk/problem

Smart Number: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/smart-number/problem

# August 29
Sales by Match (Sock Merchant): https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem

Library Fine: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/library-fine/problem

# August 28
Light day today.

Funny String: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/funny-string/problem

Strong Password: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strong-password/problem

# August 27
CamelCase: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/camelcase/problem

Cavity: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cavity-map/problem

# August 26
Gift Carpet: https://codeforces.com/contest/1862/problem/A

The Hurdle Race: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-hurdle-race/problem

I liked the Pokemon references in the two problems below :D (The contest was sponsored by GAMEFREAK, but still)

Potions: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc317/tasks/abc317_a

MissingNo.: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc317/tasks/abc317_b

# August 25 (Week 5 started on August 24)
Chocolate Feast: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-feast/problem

Utopian Tree: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/utopian-tree/problem

I also tried solving Maximum Rounding (https://codeforces.com/contest/1857/problem/B) and Gift Carpet (https://codeforces.com/contest/1862/problem/A). However, Codeforces had some issues, so I'm not sure if they were correct.

# August 23
Day of the Programmer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/day-of-the-programmer/problem

# August 22
Migratory Birds: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/migratory-birds/problem

Time Conversion: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/time-conversion/problem

Cats and a Mouse: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cats-and-a-mouse/problem

# August 21
Viral Advertising: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strange-advertising/problem

Halloween Sale: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/halloween-sale/problem

Beautiful Days: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-days-at-the-movies/problem

# August 20
Find Digits: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-digits/problem

Lotto: https://onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=com_onlinejudge&Itemid=8&page=show_problem&problem=382

The most difficult thing about this problem was learning how to accept indefinite input.

Angry Professor: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-professor/problem

# August 19
Birthday Cake Candles: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/birthday-cake-candles/problem

The Time in Words: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-time-in-words/problem

Totally Not Robots: https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/noi-ph-practice-page/challenges/totally-not-robots

# August 18 (Week 4 start)
Designer PDF Viewer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/designer-pdf-viewer/problem

HackerRank in a String: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hackerrank-in-a-string/problem

Two Strings: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings/problem

# August 10 (advanced)
A Very Big Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-very-big-sum/problem

Diagonal Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference/problem

Plus Minus: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/plus-minus/problem

# August 9 (advanced for Week 3)
Star: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc192/tasks/abc192_a

uNrEaDaBlE sTrInG: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc192/tasks/abc192_b

Mini-Max Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mini-max-sum/problem

# August 8
Array Coloring: https://codeforces.com/contest/1857/problem/A

I'm glad I found some insight for this problem early!

Grading Students: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grading/problem

Breaking the Records: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/breaking-best-and-worst-records/problem

# August 7
On another note, I found this topic on HackerRank!

Simple Array Sum: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-array-sum/problem

Extra Long Factorials: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/extra-long-factorials/problem

Complete the Triplets: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets/problem

# August 6
To Be Saikyo: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc313/tasks/abc313_a

Exceptions: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/exceptions/problem

Symmetric Difference: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/symmetric-difference/problem

# August 5
Polynomials: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-polynomials/problem

String Validators: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-validators/problem

# August 4 (Week 2 start)
Chat Room: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/58/A

Inner and Outer: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-inner-and-outer/problem

ι⊥l (Three Poles): https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc058/tasks/abc058_a

∵∴∵ (Password): https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc058/tasks/abc058_b

# August 3
Four Digits: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc222/tasks/abc222_a

Failing Grade: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc222/tasks/abc222_b

Dot and Cross: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-dot-and-cross/problem

# August 2
Mean, Var, and Std: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-mean-var-and-std/problem

Haiku: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc051/tasks/abc051_a

Josephus Problem: https://cses.fi/problemset/task/2162

# July 31
Gacha: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc164/tasks/abc164_c

Sheep and Wolves: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc164/tasks/abc164_a

Sum and Prod: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-sum-and-prod/problem

# July 30
Cream Puff: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc180/tasks/abc180_c

I'm proud to say that I was able to move this out of the unfinished-problems folder!

Double Helix: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc122/tasks/abc122_a

Set .union() Operation: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/py-set-union/problem

Okay, I was in a rush to meet 3 problems.

# July 28 (Week 1 start)
Escalator Conversations: https://codeforces.com/contest/1851/problem/A

I am intimidated by problems with that much input given for the sample case.

Rudolph and Tic-Tac-Toe: https://codeforces.com/contest/1846/problem/B

I've noticed a relatively common theme with Codeforces problems: [X] and [Y] where [X] is someone's name and [Y] is an activity. Huh.

# July 27
Crane and Turtle: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc170/tasks/abc170_b

I overestimated the difficulty of this problem. I thought, "No, it can't be that simple." And then it turned out to be that simple.

Minesweeper: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc075/tasks/abc075_b

When will I ever learn my lesson about overestimating a problem's difficulty?

Valid Sudoku: https://codeforces.com/gym/102697/problem/040

# July 26
Mr. Perfectly Fine: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/C

I put the min functions in the second loop by accident and got Time Limit Exceeded. I moved them out of it and got accepted :D

Hotelier: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1200/A

I was stuck on this for a long time, too. The issue was with how I handled cases where all of the rooms would be full. Glad I finally managed to fix the issue!

# July 24
A+B?: https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/A

I thought I solved this on July 23 😅

Maxi-Buying: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc206/tasks/abc206_a

I solved Problem B from this contest as an ASPC problem.

Decorum Sensing (link may not open for non-NOI.PH participants): https://codeforces.com/group/Sw3sdIlMPV/contest/360239/problem/D

I was stuck on this problem for a long time, but I found out that the solution was simpler than I expected.

# July 23
Word on the Paper: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/C

Matrix Rotation: https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/B

# July 22
To My Critics: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/A

Ten Words of Wisdom: https://codeforces.com/contest/1850/problem/B

# July 21 (Week 0 start)
Soldier and Bananas: https://codeforces.com/contest/546/problem/A

Polycarp and the Day of Pi: https://codeforces.com/contest/1790/problem/A

# July 18
Staircase: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/staircase/problem

Eye and Identity: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/np-eye-and-identity/problem

# July 17
Love Story: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/A

Blank Space: https://codeforces.com/contest/1829/problem/B
